Document maintenance policy in docs (#482)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/support/maintenance-policy.html.md

---
title: "Maintenance policy"
---

## Version support for languages and packages

> At AppSignal we have a support policy for all our integration packages. This defines what compatibility we maintain with programming languages and packages we integrate with. We may drop support for version of programming languages and packages over time. Consult this page for our policy. This policy may be subject to change in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At AppSignal we have a support policy for all our integration packages. This defines what compatibility we maintain with programming languages and packages we integrate with. We may drop support for some versions of programming languages and packages over time. Consult this page for our policy. This policy may be subject to change in the future.
```

> ## Rational

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Rationale
```
